moving overseas or relocating toe overseas. The first thing you should
do is make sure that you have the support of your family in the beginning,
um, making that transition to move overseas. Unless you have
someone over there that's part of your family, you're actually going
to be, um, without your support system. So the first thing you should
do is make sure that you're explaining that to everyone that is
a part of your support system here on stateside. Um, um, one of the
other things you should do is make sure that you have all your financial,
uh, situations in order. Those are the things that I believe you
should do when you are selected to move overseas.